Docs/fetch hook (#973)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/guides/components-glossary/pages-fetch.md

---
title: 'The Fetch Hook'

> description: The `fetch` method is used to fill the store before rendering the page, it's like the `asyncData` method except it doesn't set the component data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 description: The `fetch` hook is for fetching data asynchronously. It is called on server-side when rendering the route, and on client-side when navigating.
```

Author: thanks as always @danielroe 😃
